Document Assigned Attributes of Pipeline Components (#9041)
explosion/spaCy: website/docs/api/textcategorizer.md

</Infobox>

## Assigned Attributes {#assigned-attributes}

Predictions will be saved to `doc.cats` as a dictionary, where the key is the
name of the category and the value is a score between 0 and 1 (inclusive). For
`textcat` (exclusive categories), the scores will sum to 1, while for
`textcat_multilabel` there is no particular guarantee about their sum.

Note that when assigning values to create training data, the score of each
category must be 0 or 1. Using other values, for example to create a document

> that is a little of category A and a little of category B, is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that is a little bit in category A and a little bit in category B, is not supported.
```
(the original sentence was probably fine as well, but it didn't parse for me personally)
